This reposetorium makes me more asocial botanic, with 4 nerdy eyes,  I becoming and polymorphed to nerd only on weekends when I stay home same and dont to meet ot talk  with nobody. 

Anyway On this quarter I will catch chillout vibe and atlast activates alpha  men lifestyle. Funny   -  but with this upgrade I will be act my self more cool and open and simplify then when i day and night sit on computer last week . Upgrade means permanent open heart to different people, open minded to all oposite opinions, but with healthy wish gain more laught from any reason, I'm hungry to laugh of loud, I waun't to stay inside my head far from funny moments without spins around in horizontal pose on flore, still rolling on   floor from laughing. catch another disbalanced laugh session, absurd situation, or non tactic and non harmony neurotick answers or story taling fails, interrupted monolog with best wishes to new family, on wedding party, with alot of not kind  characters. I Like to was crazy and little bit toxic, only when I can't leave or skip unwished event or person. company , its fun, but people interrupt my thinking process. Sometimes I'm nervous and agressive when stay size of time with all this people. Become angry and dangerous when people talk to me a much till I dont respons. Same story but opposite when people don't listen me, in situation when I with brilliant idea, fire in my eyes keep burning, entusiasm in way how i acting with reality and all who around me, but nobody interested in this
